feat(head): `useSeoMeta` composable (#18441)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/content/1.docs/1.getting-started/5.seo-meta.md

::ReadMore{link="/docs/api/composables/use-head"}
::

## Composable: `useSeoMeta`

> The `useSeoMeta` composable lets you define your sites SEO Meta as a flat object with full TypeScript support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useSeoMeta` composable lets you define your site's SEO meta tags as a flat object with full TypeScript support.
```

> This helps you avoid common mistakes, such as using `name` instead of `property` as well typos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helps you avoid typos and common mistakes, such as using `name` instead of `property`.
```

### Example

#### Simple

```vue{}[app.vue]
<script setup lang="ts">
useSeoMeta({
  title: 'My Amazing Site',
  ogTitle: 'My Amazing Site',
  description: 'This is my amazing site, let me tell you all about it.',
  ogDescription: 'This is my amazing site, let me tell you all about it.',
  ogImage: 'https://example.com/image.png',
  twitterCard: 'summary_large_image',
})
</script>
```

#### Reactive

When inserting tags that are reactive, for example, from an API request, you should
use the computed getter syntax, the same as `useHead`.

```vue{}[app.vue]
<script setup lang="ts">
const data = useFetch(() => $fetch('/api/example'))
useSeoMeta({
  ogTitle: () => `${data.value?.title} - My Site`,
  description: () => data.value?.description,
  ogDescription: () => data.value?.description,
})
</script>
```

> ### Client-side optimisation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Client-side Optimization
```

In most instances, the meta does not need to be reactive as robots will only scan the initial load.

> The composable itself is a ~2kB, so you may consider only using it on the server and having it be treeshaken from the client bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The composable itself is ~2kB, so you may consider only using it on the server and having it be tree-shaken from the client bundle.
```

```vue{}[app.vue]
<script setup lang="ts">

> // only run on the server or client side dev

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// only run on the server or in development mode
```
